Updated readme (#298)
informalsystems/modelator: INSTALLATION.md

# Installation

To install and use Modelator, make sure your system has

- `Python 3.8` or newer
- `Java 17` or newer

## Python

Installing Modelator requires [Python](https://www.python.org) 3.8 or newer, together with its package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/).

> (They come pre-installed on Linux and MacOS.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(They usually come pre-installed on Linux and MacOS.)
```

A good tool for managing different python versions is [pyenv](<(https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv)>).
For example:

```
pyenv install 3.10.6
pyenv global 3.10.6
```

These two commands set the python version to 3.10.6. If you want to go back to your old Python version, run `pyenv global system`.
(For the Python version to be changed only in a current working directory, use the analogous `pyenv local...` command.)

Once you have the correct version of Python, run `pip install modelator`.

> That's it! Please verify that the tool is working by writing `modelator` on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That's it! Please verify that the tool works by executing `modelator` command on the terminal.
```
